Add plugin migration guide (#935)
nomiclabs/hardhat: docs/advanced/migrating-buidler-plugin.md

# Migrating a plugin from Buidler to hardhat

This is a short guide explaining how to turn a Buidler plugin into a Hardhat one.

> If you want a complete example of a Hardhat plugin, take a look at [this repository](https://github.com/nomiclabs/buidler-ts-plugin-boilerplate/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a complete example of a Hardhat plugin, take a look at [this repository](https://github.com/nomiclabs/hardhat-ts-plugin-boilerplate/).
```

## Updating its dependencies

### Core package

References to the `@nomiclabs/buidler` package should be replaced with the `hardhat` package in your `package.json`, and your `import`s or `require`s.

For example, you would import the `extendEnvironment` function this way:

```typescript
import { extendEnvironment } from "hardhat/config";
```

### Plugins

> Similarly, references to Buidler plugins should be replaced with their corresponding hardhat plugins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly, references to Buidler plugins should be replaced with their corresponding Hardhat plugins.
```

For example, `@nomiclabs/buidler-ethers` would be `@nomiclabs/hardhat-ethers`.

## Adapting your plugin's source code

Replace all types or imported names that include `Buidler` with `Hardhat` in your plugin source code.

For example, the `BuidlerRuntimeEnvironment` should be replaced with the `HardhatRuntimeEnvironment`. We suggest using `hre` instead of `bre` as its variable name.

### Artifacts

The `readArtifact` and `readArtifactSync` functions were moved to the `HardhatRuntimeEnvironment` so you must replace their uses like this:

```js
const tokenArtifact = await hre.artifacts.readArtifact("Token");
```

> The artifact format is now supplemented with build information and debug artifacts in Hardhat which allows you to read things like contract symbols. See the [documentation](https://hardhat.org/docs/artifacts) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The artifact format is now supplemented with build information and debug artifacts in Hardhat which allows you to read things like contract symbols. See the [documentation](../guides/compile-contracts#artifacts) for more information.
```

## Updating your plugin's tests

Apart from updating types and names, fixture projects need their `buidler.config.js` renamed to `hardhat.config.js`.

### Changes needed to your test projects' config

> The compiler configuration is now expected in the `solidity` field instead of `solc`. Note that Hardhat projects allow multiple solidity versions in its compilation pipeline. For more information see its [documentation](https://hardhat.org/docs/compilation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler configuration is now expected in the `solidity` field instead of `solc`. Note that Hardhat projects allow multiple solidity versions in its compilation pipeline. For more information see its [documentation](../guides/compile-contracts).
```

> The compiler configuration is now expected in the `solidity` field instead of `solc`. Note that Hardhat projects allow multiple solidity versions in its compilation pipeline. For more information see its [documentation](https://hardhat.org/docs/compilation).

Author: ```suggestion
The compiler configuration is now expected in the `solidity` field instead of `solc`. Note that Hardhat projects allow multiple solidity versions in its compilation pipeline. For more information see its [documentation](../guides/compile-contracts.md).
```

Besides that, the compiler settings now go inside a `settings` field. For example, a configuration like this:

```
module.exports = {
    solc: {
        version: "0.7.2"
        optimizer: {
            enabled: true,
            runs: 200
        }
    }
}
```

needs to be replaced with this:

```js
module.exports = {
    solidity: {
        version: "0.7.2",
        settings: {
            optimizer: {
                enabled: true,
                runs: 200
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Adapting your type extensions

Hardhat introduced a few changes in how type extensions are created and used.

These are the necessary changes to update your plugin.

> First, you need rename your `src/type-extenstions.d.ts` file to `src/type-extensions.ts`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, you need rename your `src/type-extensions.d.ts` file to `src/type-extensions.ts`.
```
